Fixing broken caption (#7371)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/introducing-notebooks.md

Planning a launch? Embed the feature flags, events, persons, or cohorts you’ll need to deploy changes and track success. 

![Using PostHog notebooks](../images/blog/announcing-notebooks/pizza_survey.mp4)

> Or, of course, you can use a notebook as just a daily scratchpad. This is actually the default behavior, whereby a freshly opened notebook will persist only in the browser until you save it.

Author: ```suggestion
Or, obviously, you can use a notebook as just a daily scratchpad. This is actually the default behavior, whereby a freshly opened notebook will persist only in the browser until you save it.
```
